Sourcegraph 4.0 launch blogs (#5623)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2022/cloud-managed-instances-for-enterprise.md

---
title: "Secure, easy, and scalable Sourcegraph Cloud managed instances for the enterprise"
publishDate: 
description: TODO
tags: [blog]
slug: "enterprise-cloud"
published: false
heroImage: 
socialImage: 
changelogItems:
---

> > NOTE: This post is very WIP.

Reviewer: @sqs here's the outline of @beyang's blog we discussed late last week: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dZxT9iiUfnNUw6EZHbhJS0uxdfV53qNV4EMAfjlL6PM/edit#heading=h.ndoqaqxyl2nz

Executors let you run [server-side Batch Changes](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/batch_changes/explanations/server_side), so you can make broad changes across all your repositories all at once. Batch Changes can be used to fix security vulnerabilities or update old code, and on Cloud, anyone can run large-scale changes without extra configuration or local environment setup. 

Executors also power auto-indexing for code navigation, which lets you index your code continuously so that you always have compiler-accurate, [precise code navigation for your repositories](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/announcing-auto-indexing). With auto-indexing, anyone on your team can enable precise code navigation for their own repositories, making it more accessible than ever.

On Cloud, executors require no extra configuration and no infrastructure provisioning. 

## How to get started with Sourcegraph Cloud

> Sourcegraph Cloud is the best way to get started with Sourcegraph. If you’d like to try out Sourcegraph’s code intelligence platform for your team, you can [sign up for a trial here](https://signup.sourcegraph.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph Cloud is the best way to get started with Sourcegraph. If you’d like to try out Sourcegraph’s code intelligence platform for your team, you can [sign up for a 30-day free trial](https://signup.sourcegraph.com/).
```

---

> title: "Secure and scalable Sourcegraph Cloud managed instances for the enterprise"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Secure and scalable Sourcegraph Cloud managed instances for enterprise"
```

publishDate: 2022-09-27T10:00-07:00

> description: Sourcegraph Cloud, the single-tenant, dedicated Cloud version of Sourcegraph, is now generally available.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Sourcegraph Cloud, the single-tenant, dedicated cloud version of Sourcegraph, is now generally available.
```

tags: [blog]
slug: "enterprise-cloud"

> published: false
> heroImage: 
> socialImage: 
> changelogItems:

Author: ```suggestion
published: false
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/cloud-instances.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/4.0/cloud-instances.png
```

---

> Soucegraph has long existed as self-hosted software, letting our customers confidently and securely run Sourcegraph in their own environments. After almost a decade of developing self-hosted Sourcegraph, we’ve gained the trust of some of the most sophisticated companies and development teams in the world, allowing us to work with their most sensitive IP: their code.

Reviewer: "we’ve gained the trust of some of the most sophisticated companies and development teams in the world"

Can we add some company names here so it carries more credibility?

> At the same time, we’ve seen immense demand for Cloud-based Sourcegraph in recent years. Developers want a solution that can be spun up quickly, upgraded regularly, and maintained effortlessly without compromising security.

Author: ```suggestion
At the same time, we’ve seen immense demand for cloud-based Sourcegraph in recent years. Developers want a solution that can be spun up quickly, upgraded regularly, and maintained effortlessly without compromising security.
```

> In 2020, we experimented with deploying Cloud-based Sourcegraph to fit these needs, which we called “managed instances.” We ran these instances as single-tenant, isolated deployments in GCP, and the demand was so strong that almost 10% of our customers are using this solution today. Since then, we’ve invested significantly in this single-tenant architecture solution, making it more scalable and bringing it to full feature parity with Sourcegraph Self-hosted. 

Author: ```suggestion
In 2020, we experimented with deploying cloud-based Sourcegraph to fit these needs, which we called “managed instances.” We ran these instances as single-tenant, isolated deployments in GCP, and the demand was so strong that almost 10% of our customers are using this solution today. Since then, we’ve invested significantly in this single-tenant architecture solution, making it more scalable and bringing it to full feature parity with Sourcegraph Self-hosted. 
```

> In 2020, we experimented with deploying Cloud-based Sourcegraph to fit these needs, which we called “managed instances.” We ran these instances as single-tenant, isolated deployments in GCP, and the demand was so strong that almost 10% of our costumers are using this solution today. Since then, we’ve invested significantly in this single-tenant architecture solution, making it more scalable and bringing it to full feature parity with Sourcegraph Self-hosted. 

Reviewer: Should be "almost 10% of our customers" and not "costumers" (though appropriate with Halloween coming up)

Author: ```suggestion
In 2020, we experimented with deploying Cloud-based Sourcegraph to fit these needs, which we called “managed instances.” We ran these instances as single-tenant, isolated deployments in GCP, and the demand was so strong that almost 10% of our customers are using this solution today. Since then, we’ve invested significantly in this single-tenant architecture solution, making it more scalable and bringing it to full feature parity with Sourcegraph Self-hosted. 
```

> In 2020, we experimented with deploying Cloud-based Sourcegraph to fit these needs, which we called “managed instances.” We ran these instances as single-tenant, isolated deployments in GCP, and the demand was so strong that almost 10% of our costumers are using this solution today. Since then, we’ve invested significantly in this single-tenant architecture solution, making it more scalable and bringing it to full feature parity with Sourcegraph Self-hosted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2020, we experimented with deploying Cloud-based Sourcegraph to fit these needs, which we called “managed instances.” We ran these instances as single-tenant, isolated deployments in GCP, and the demand was so strong that almost 10% of our customers are using this solution today. Since then, we’ve invested significantly in this single-tenant architecture solution, making it more scalable and bringing it to full feature parity with Sourcegraph Self-hosted. 
```

> Today — after years of building trust and engineering rigor — we're confidently moving to the Cloud with this highly secure and scalable solution. Dedicated Sourcegraph Cloud instances are now generally available, and the best way for new teams to use Sourcegraph.

Author: ```suggestion
Today — after years of building trust and engineering rigor — we're confidently moving to the cloud with this highly secure and scalable solution. Dedicated Sourcegraph Cloud instances are now generally available, and the best way for new teams to use Sourcegraph.
```

> Today—after years of building trust and engineering rigor—we are excited to move confidently to the Cloud with this highly secure and scalable solution. Dedicated Sourcegraph Cloud instances are now generally available, and the best way for new teams to use Sourcegraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today — after years of building trust and engineering rigor — we're confidently moving to the Cloud with this highly secure and scalable solution. Dedicated Sourcegraph Cloud instances are now generally available, and the best way for new teams to use Sourcegraph.
```

## Security and scalability

As a developer, your code is your most valuable IP. This makes security critical for Sourcegraph in all forms.

> That’s why we’re offering Sourcegraph Cloud via dedicated, single-tenant instances. When you run Sourcegraph Cloud, even as a trial, you get your own instance dedicated to only **your** code. You get company-level data isolation out-of-the-box.

Author: ```suggestion
That’s why we’re offering Sourcegraph Cloud via dedicated, single-tenant instances. When your organization runs Sourcegraph Cloud, even as a trial, you get your own instance dedicated to only your organization's code. You get company-level data isolation out-of-the-box.
```

> That’s why we’re offering Sourcegraph Cloud via dedicated, single-tenant instances. When you run Sourcegraph Cloud—even as a trial—you get your own instance dedicated to only **your** code. You get company-level data isolation out-of-the-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That’s why we’re offering Sourcegraph Cloud via dedicated, single-tenant instances. When you run Sourcegraph Cloud, even as a trial, you get your own instance dedicated to only **your** code. You get company-level data isolation out-of-the-box.
```

Reviewer: Careful about over-using an em dash (—), and also careful with spacing on them!

> Plus, Sourcegraph has received a SOC 2 Type II report, so you can be confident that Sourcegraph controls for the security and confidentiality of your sensitive data.

Reviewer 2: ``
```suggestion
Plus, Sourcegraph has received a SOC 2 Type II report, so you can be confident that Sourcegraph operates its' controls effectively in regard to the security, availability and confidentiality of your sensitive data.
```

> Plus, Sourcegraph has received a SOC 2 Type II report, so you can be confident that Sourcegraph controls for the security and confidentiality of your sensitive data.

Reviewer: Should we say something like "Sourcegraph has achieved Soc 2 Type II compliance, ..." Not sure what the most accurate phrasing is for this certification.

Author: We worked on this with Dora — it's preferred to reference the report rather than call ourselves "certified" or "compliant"

> You also get enterprise-grade scaling. You can sync tens of thousands of repositories to your Sourcegraph instance and search across all of them without slowdowns, so you can stay in flow even when working in huge codebases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means you get enterprise-grade scaling. You can sync tens of thousands of repositories to your Sourcegraph instance and search across all of them without slowdowns, so you can stay in flow even when working in huge codebases.
```

Reviewer: We have a lot of "you also" through this post, so I'm updating where they run close together.

> This means you get enterprise-grade scaling. You can sync tens of thousands of repositories to your Sourcegraph instance and search across all of them without slowdowns, so you can stay in flow even when working in huge codebases.

Reviewer 3: > This means you get enterprise-grade scaling

This feels like a bit of a non sequitur. _What_ means we get enterprise-grade scaling? SOC 2 doesn't really have anything to do with scaling.

Author: ```suggestion
Cloud also supports enterprise-grade scaling. You can sync tens of thousands of repositories to your Sourcegraph instance and search across all of them without slowdowns, so you can stay in flow even when working in huge codebases.
```

> ## The latest features in the Cloud

Author: ```suggestion
## The latest features in the cloud
```

Executors let you run [server-side Batch Changes](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/batch_changes/explanations/server_side), so you can make broad changes across all your repositories all at once. Batch Changes can be used to fix security vulnerabilities or update old code, and on Cloud, anyone can run large-scale changes without extra configuration or local environment setup. 

Executors also power auto-indexing for code navigation, which lets you index your code continuously so that you always have compiler-accurate, [precise code navigation for your repositories](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/announcing-auto-indexing). With auto-indexing, anyone on your team can enable precise code navigation for their own repositories, making it more accessible than ever.

On Cloud, executors require no extra configuration and no infrastructure provisioning. 

## How to get started with Sourcegraph Cloud

> Sourcegraph Cloud is the best way to get started with Sourcegraph. If you’d like to try out Sourcegraph’s code intelligence platform for your team, you can [sign up for a trial here](https://www.signup.sourcegraph.com/).

Reviewer 4: Signup doesn't exist on a multi level subdomain. Just need to remove the `www.`:

```suggestion
Sourcegraph Cloud is the best way to get started with Sourcegraph. If you’d like to try out Sourcegraph’s code intelligence platform for your team, you can [sign up for a trial here](https://signup.sourcegraph.com/).
```
